gh-132908: Add math.isnormal/issubnormal() functions (#132935)
python/cpython: Doc/library/math.rst

:func:`frexp(x) <frexp>`                              Mantissa and exponent of *x*
:func:`isclose(a, b, rel_tol, abs_tol) <isclose>`     Check if the values *a* and *b* are close to each other
:func:`isfinite(x) <isfinite>`                        Check if *x* is neither an infinity nor a NaN
:func:`isnormal(x) <isnormal>`                        Check if *x* is a normal floating-point number

> :func:`issubnormal(x) <issubnormal>`                  Check if *x* is a subnormal floating-point number

Reviewer: Should we assume that the reader knows what `normal floating-point number` means?

Author: Perhaps, not.  But that could be explained in docs.

Reviewer: I think the docs of `isnormal/issubnormal` are actually sufficient (I commented this before seeing that the terminology was expanded in the functions' docs). So it's ok for me.

> :func:`isnormal(x) <isnormal>`                        Check if *x* is a normal floating-point number
> :func:`issubnormal(x) <issubnormal>`                  Check if *x* is a subnormal floating-point number

Author: ```suggestion
:func:`isnormal(x) <isnormal>`                        Check if *x* is a normal number
:func:`issubnormal(x) <issubnormal>`                  Check if *x* is a subnormal number
```

Reviewer 2: It makes sense to use "floating-point" explicitly, as the result depends on the floating-point format. But then we should use it for `isfinite()` and `isinf()` too. I think that for consistency with existing documentation it is better to remove it.

   .. versionadded:: 3.2

.. function:: isnormal(x)

>    Return ``True`` if *x* is a normal floating-point number, i.e. a finite

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Return ``True`` if *x* is a normal floating-point number, for example a finite
```

https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language

>    Return ``True`` if *x* is a normal floating-point number, i.e. a finite

Author: ```suggestion
   Return ``True`` if *x* is a normal floating-point number, that is a finite
```

>    nonzero number, that is not a subnormal.  Return ``False`` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return ``True`` if *x* is a normal floating-point number, that is a finite
   nonzero number that is not a subnormal (see :func:`issubnormal`).
   Return ``False`` otherwise.
```

   .. versionadded:: next

.. function:: issubnormal(x)

>    Return ``True`` if *x* is a subnormal floating-point number, i.e. a finite

Reviewer 3: https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language

>    Return ``True`` if *x* is a subnormal floating-point number, i.e. a finite

Author: ```suggestion
   Return ``True`` if *x* is a subnormal floating-point number, that is a finite
```

   nonzero number with a magnitude smaller than the smallest positive normal

>    number, see :data:`sys.float_info.min`.  Return ``False`` otherwise.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   number (:data:`sys.float_info.min`).  Return ``False`` otherwise.
```
Suggestion, since it is defined

   .. versionadded:: 3.2

.. function:: isnormal(x)

>    Return ``True`` if *x* is a normal floating-point number, that is a finite
>    nonzero number that is not a subnormal (see :func:`issubnormal`).
>    Return ``False`` otherwise.

Author: ```suggestion
   Return ``True`` if *x* is a normal number, that is a finite
   nonzero number that is not a subnormal (see :func:`issubnormal`).
   Return ``False`` otherwise.
```

   .. versionadded:: next

.. function:: issubnormal(x)

>    Return ``True`` if *x* is a subnormal floating-point number, that is a finite
>    nonzero number with a magnitude smaller than the smallest positive normal
>    number, see :data:`sys.float_info.min`.  Return ``False`` otherwise.

Author: ```suggestion
   Return ``True`` if *x* is a subnormal number, that is a finite
   nonzero number with a magnitude smaller than the smallest positive normal
   number, see :data:`sys.float_info.min`.  Return ``False`` otherwise.
```
